# Patient Record
The Hospital Patient Record can do a variety of tasks: enter and check in a new patient, check in a returning patient, input procedure information for checked in patients then check that patient out, print all information about a specific patient, and print general information about a patient. Any new information about a patient is stored into a binary search tree. Two binary search trees are in use for this program: a patient record tree and a current patient record tree. The patient record tree contains any and all information about a patient in not only the current session but any past sessions. How the program checks for patients in past sessions will be explained in the quit command section. The current patient record tree contains any patients that are currently checked in. If a particular patient has been checked out, the program will remove that patient from the current patient record tree. The instructions for how to do theses tasks are shown in the menu of the program. But to make the instructions visible here, the following are the commands for how to these tasks in the program:

       		 N - Enter and check in a new patient.
			 R - Check in a returning patient.
			 O - Input procedure information for checked in patients then check that patient out.
			 I - Print all information about a particular patient
			 P - Print general info of all checked in patients.
			 Q - Quit this sesion.
       
You will be asked to input any of these commands and the program will follow through with it, assuming the program has the necessary information to accomplish these tasks. Certain tasks will need certain information already stored. If the program does not have the necessary information, the program will not follow through with the commands and will ask you to input the information before going through with the command. Which information the tasks will need will depend on which of the two trees are needed.
1) The first command, N - Enter and check in a new patient, requires no information from either trees as you are simply inputting information about a patient into the patient record and current patient record tree.
2) The second command, R - Check in a returning patient, requires information from the patient record tree and that specific patient will be put into the current patient record tree.
3) The third command, O - Input procedure information for checked in patients then check that patient out, requires information from the current patient record tree. Once the procedure information has been inputted, the program will then remove that patient form the patient record tree.
4) The fourth command, I - Print all information about a particular patient, requires information form the patient record tree. For this task, you will be asked to input a patient's ID. Once that is done, the program will print out information about that patient.
5) The fifth command, P - Print general info of all checked in patients, requires inforrmation from the current patient record tree. This task will print out any general information about the checked in patients.
6) The last command, Q - Quit this sesion, will exit the program as long as no patients exists in the current patient record tree. If you try to quit this program while patients are still checked in according to the current patient record, the program will not allow you to quit and will ask you to check out the patients before you can quit the program. Once all the patients are checked out and you input this command, the program will output the patient record tree into a binary file for future use. Then the program will properly end. When you launch this program again, if a file named "CurrentPatients.dat" exists (which should be the binary file created from previous sessions), the program will read that file and store any information from that file into the patient record tree for that session.
